c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\SampleService.dll.config
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\SampleService.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\SampleService.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\obj\Debug\SampleService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\obj\Debug\SampleService.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\obj\Debug\SampleService.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Library.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleService\SampleService\bin\Library.pdb
